# (A Priestess) (Fem)
The priestess characters is one of the first people you really run into in Wolgur that isn't kind of rude and hostile. She's naive, innocent, believes her church is a force for good and that the dungeon is evil. I think you should eventually be able to recruit her to your party, though you would first need to convince her to leave the church, somehow showing her that it's a corrupt organization and that her god is completely fictional. She can also be in a relationship with the player, Lief, or both of them at once. I think her story will have a few possible paths. She could be turned into a mindless fuck toy, or one of the more powerful members of your party, depending on the choices you make with her.

# Lief (Male)
One of the first people you employ will be an equin tanner named Leif. He's strong, loyal, dependable, and a huge slut. It seems a good idea to have someone who also specialized in leather working as leather goods (and bondage gear and sex toys) will be useful for the entire game. This tanner character will also build your first 'homes', just a few leather tents and pavilions that works as bedrooms, and crafting areas. He'll eventually also learn woodworking and masonry as well in order to build wooden shacks, then stone houses, then eventually the main estate.

You will need to recruit him in order to progress the game, even if you don't end up adding him to your household you still need someone who can do the work he provides. I think the tent you brought with you when the game starts isn't sufficient. You don't sleep well at night, reducing the amount of health and stamina you recover. Our priestess character might come to you, seeing your situation and ask you to help a friend of hers. Lief was recently imprisoned, perhaps for something like public indecency. He got drunk in a bar, pissed in the street something like that. Probably resisted arrest as well. The cops will let him go if the player agrees to take responsibility for Lief's actions. 

Like all the other party members Lief will have, control, affection, fear, and respect. You'll need to keep him happy to have him work for you. Keeping him happy will mostly involve keeping him sexually satisfied. As long as he has plenty of sex, he'll work well with the player. This will mean having sex with him yourself, letting him use your party members, or giving him his own sexual servants.

We should have a conversation soon on, where we make it clear that Lief is interested in the priestess. The player should have the option of letting Lief pursue her, which increases his respect and will lead to them having a relationship. He's open to them both sharing her as well, which actually leads to more affection and respect for the player. The player could tell him that the priestess is his alone, which causes a large drop in respect, making it harder to keep him happy until he's been bribed with other women.

As he's the first real companion I'd like for there to be a lot of scenes with him and the player. Even if the player doesn't want to get sexual with him, they should still have a good relationship, a shared interest in women. We should establish what kind of relationship the player wants with him early on. Leif's default mode is to be interested in sharing women with the player. He's just social like that. The player can then either convince him that they should be fully sexual with each other, or inform him that he's not interested in even group stuff with the horse. 
### Other Options
Lief is kind of a lot. If the player adds him to the house it's a bit of a constant presence, always wanting to be involved in the household orgies and such. You do need someone to work on the house though. Maybe we have two routes to recruiting him. We can either make him part of the house where he is a constant presence and a companion. Or we tell him that we don't want him as part of our house. He instead becomes one of Wolgur's rare independent craftsmen. He'll still do all of our upgrades, though you will have to pay him. If you fail to keep him satisfied or refuse to let him join in on the household fun, he might leave as well. This simplifies his story arc, because he'll either end up a fuck buddy or not around at all.

# Ivy (Fem)
Pretty much just Ivy. We can encounter her somewhere in the dungeon. In this setting perhaps she's a construct of some sort, found in a bio-mechanical level where living flesh is being grafted onto metal frames. I want to make it clear that while she's inspired by Ivy, she's not the same character. Perhaps her sister or some such, created by the same program, but somehow teleported into an alternate dimension entirely. She'll have some differences to set her apart of course, she won't have the same love of porn and sci-fi, but be far more interested in fantasy novels, and D&D and video games, basically shit that I know about. Like the original Ivy, this Ivy is also not at all monogamous. She'll have sex with every other companion, but she'll at least invite the character to join in.

# Cinnamon (any)
Cinnamon is a Djinn, and can be acquired by finding the magic ring she is bound to. She's a very powerful character to have in your party, and exists to fulfill the player's every desire. She can actually be any gender, and species, decided when she's bound to the player through the ring. While her desires are whatever the player wants them to be, she'll still have her own personality, though that might mostly just be encouraging the player to pursue his own desires, which would make her happy as well.

# (A Butler / Seneschal / Head of Household) (Male)
I think we'll want a character to serve as the head of your household staff, a right hand man. I can see them being a Demiurge type figure, very obsequious while also pushing the player towards more corrupt and evil actions. 

# (An Alchemist / Flesh Shaper / Mindbender) (Futa)
No ideas for them yet, but your house will need a crafter that specializes in alchemy and herbalism. Also interested in drugs, brainwashing, potions and poisons that are used to change people's bodies and personalities. 

# (A Blacksmith / Torturer) (Male)
No ideas for them yet, but your house will need a crafter that specializes in making and repairing weapons and armor. Could really be into traps and torture devices and shit too.

# (An / Enchanter / Necromancer) (Futa)
No ideas for them yet, but your house will need a crafter that specializes in enchanting weapons and armor, and making magical devices. The enchanter could also be interested in necromancy (necromantic taxidermy), flesh shaping and all the other creepy shit that could be possible with magic.

# (Maids) (Fem/Fem/Male/Futa/Fem/Fem)
I think I would like to use my six maids, Cow, Horse, Deer, Goat, Puppy and Rabbit. Perhaps they can all be recruited at once. Rescued from the dungeon. A maid though is kind of a generic role and any captured monster could be made into a maid. These six could form the basis of their personalities regardless of their names or species though. 
