### The Holy Church
- The Church is the most powerful faction in the city. They maintain a low profile though so it's not obvious they control the other seemingly powerful factions.
- Officially the church is against exploring the dungeon. They tell people that they are free to delve given that their goal is to destroy the dungeon. 
- The reality though is that they're incredibly corrupt. They run the slavers guilds, who capture the dungeon monsters as slaves. The control the houses that then train the slaves, and distributes the trained slaves to the nobility who live lives of utter decadence. 
- They are most interested in maintaining this status quo.
##### Tenants of the Holy Church
- The dungeons are evil, sources of corruption that must be destroyed.
- The powers that the dungeons can give people (magic, abilities, etc) are a form of corruption.
- These two main tenants are in direct conflict as only those with power (granted by the dungeon) can hope to delve deeply into it.
- Humans are the only real sentient people, dungeon monsters are little more than puppets and don't really have feelings. They only act like they do.
- The church is against any form of magic, even healing and blessing. 
- Like the IRL churches, they view their God as all powerful, all knowing, etc, and like the real world, doesn't actually exist.
##### Clergy
- The clergy are split into multiple levels. At the lowest levels the priests and priestesses are told that the church is there to help people and protect humanity. They do the outward charitable work to build favor with the people. They actually do a good job, providing food, shelter, and healing; all the basic necessities for the poor.
- Though there is magical healing in the setting, the church is against it, so the clergy will mostly just ease people's suffering as they die, and bury them afterwards.
- Priests and priestesses who "show promise" are groomed by the upper levels of the clergy into eventually learning the true nature of the church. 
- There are secret sects within these middle layers that serve different purposes. Some are concubine like nuns, or assassins, or any other secret work the church can't be public about. 
- Though their official stance is no dungeon corruption the templars of the church are obviously enhanced with dungeon magic. They wear armor that they never remove. The church plays it off as the power of God or whatever. Inside of their armor the templars are terribly disfigured and monstrous.