# Part 1 : Fucking New Guy
We need to start the game by giving the player a parcel of land located within Wolgur. They can start with a simple tent or shack and eventually construct a great manor house.
- Where does this land come from? A gift from a relative? The church?

The player quickly learns that he's completely on his own. The houses of Wolgur horde their craftsmen, so there's no town blacksmith, no tavern, etc. For now he only has what he's brought with him.
- There does need to be some kind of pawn shop though, some place that allows independent people to sell their dungeon loot for bad rates. Really just there to take advantage of the factionless delvers.
- The people of the town seem unfriendly and suspicious of outsiders. Anyone new in tows in competition after all.

One of the first friendly faces they meet should be a priestess, seen helping the poor. She's terribly naive, but genuinely concerned for the player. She admonishes him to avoid corruption and will ask him to try and destroy the place, as that is all delvers sacred duty. If he agrees she can offer him some help getting started, maybe a few simple quests. She wouldn't use any resources found in the dungeon, but he can be sent to find people who have gone missing.

Exploring the dungeon is difficult. Though you should probably start out fairly strong, you're still a single human with no healing spells. The start of the game presents a fairly basic loop. Go into the dungeon, kill things, grab scraps of loot to sell for ridiculously low prices, attempt to upgrade your shitty gear.

A single human can probably handle the first floor of the dungeon which only spawns weak enemies. Basic shit like rats, and spiders. The difficulty spikes as they descend down to the second floor where the kobolds and vermen start appearing. Eventually you'll die, (almost die) and we have a scene where you're being fucked by the succubus who rescues you. She offers you power in exchange for your humanity. She has already given you the ability to speak with monsters, because she needed to talk to you. 

When you agree she gives you the ability to gain experience by absorbing the monster's essence when they're killed or fucked, then she fucks you. From now on, when you kill all but one monster in a battle, that final monster might try and convince you not to kill them. You can negotiate with them, having the option to add them to your party.
- You won't want to add a monster every fight though, so monsters could also give you essence; just a quicky, not a full training scene. 
- There should be other valuable things they could give you, though any loot they have you could have just gotten by killing them. Information about the dungeon, maybe knowledge of the floor layout, or traps ahead. Maybe information that would let you ambush the next fight. Perhaps the location of a treasure chest.
- Some monsters could trick you as well, using a negotiation as a chance to backstab you or run away.
- Any of the information they give you could be lies as well, perhaps they're trying to lure you into an ambush.
- We need some kind of skill or spell to detect lies. Detecting lies won't work on deceptive statements though.
- After you've been given information or had sex with them, you could then kill them anyway too. There needs to be some kind of consequence for that kind of behavior though. We need to have some kind of reputation system. If you treat the monsters fairly they're more generous. They'll start out with better attitude towards the player. If you're a psycho they won't trust you, will lie to you more, will be harder to convince to join you. Will need to be a fine balance though. Punishing someone who lied to you should be acceptable, but killing less so. Killing someone who was helpful should be very bad though.

# Part 2 : Kobolds and Vermen
Once you actually have the ability to gain experience and have companions you'll be able to make some progress. Adding to your attributes makes you a lot stronger. The next area of the dungeon focuses on the conflict between the Kobolds and the Vermen. They're very similar species, vicious little bastards who hate each other far more than the adventurers who have started to invade their dungeon. They see the adventurers as a way to upset the balance and get an advantage on their foes. 

### The Dungeon
The loot on these levels will still be mostly trash, and we won't find any of the real 'upgrade' shrines until we get past these floors. 
##### Level 2
The second floor is similar to the floor above. It's a very standard looking dungeon, stone walls, stone floor. Encounters will be similar to the simple first floor monsters, though we'll start adding the weaker kobold and vermen groups.
##### Level 3
We start to see more variety in level theme, and more evidence of the raging conflict between the two species. More encounters and events with both species. Some floors are specifically themed for one or the other species, or are sometimes obvious conflict zones. 
##### Level 4
Level 4 is where the player first hits a bit of a wall. Both the vermen and the kobolds have large, tough forces guarding the way further down. You can fight your way though, but its a difficult fight, and fighting leaves you hated by both factions. Overall you'll see a much stronger presence of both species here, with larger groups and slightly tougher versions. Different floors might be obvious strongholds for either side. 

### Resolution
There are essentially four paths that the player can take to get through these floors. Both the Kobolds and the Vermen want you to capture someone from the other species, specifically an attractive female for them to rape and torture. You can just do that, give them one of the girls that you capture, but doing so will make the other side hate you. Still it would give you an alliance with one side and grant you their rewards. 

Alternatively you can refuse, but convince them that you've captured and trained one of their enemies for your own use. They'll make you prove it somehow, demonstrating how well trained your slave has become. If you let them use your slave as well, it makes this reputation building process go faster, but you don't have to. Alternatively you could put on a bit of a show for them, demonstrating your slave's love for pain and humiliation. This would require more training on your part, but avoids sharing, which some people are sensitive to. 

Demonstrating your slave's obedience to you doesn't cause your relationship with the other side to drop, and it's possible to align with both this way. (You'd need at least one very well trained slave of each species.) This would grant you the benefits of an alliance with both sides, and either side would let you past their guards on the fourth floor. You'll probably still be attacked by both species on occasion, but having some kind of alliance would help with some events or talking your way out of a fight. 

All of the major houses of Wolgur have delved past the fourth floor, usually by aligning with one faction or the other, paying their aligned faction a small toll to be allowed deeper. They'll want the player to pay a toll as well, either money or free use of a slave.

##### Faction Rewards
Forming an alliance with either side will grant you some crafting recipes. This is only the first 'quest' so the rewards shouldn't be super great, but forming an alliance with both is the only way to get all the recipes. The kobolds should teach you how to make some interesting traps. Something that could be usable as a consumable in battle to cause status effects. Basically the same shit they've been doing to you the whole time. The vermen would teach you to make poisons and weapon coatings that do different status effects.