All of this is still completely in flux, but I'm feeling fairly confident that most of this will end up being true.

- The game takes place in the city of Wolgur (pronounced Vulger), a dungeon town built around the great Rhysh dungeon. 
- Wolgur is primarily a dungeon town. People only come to Wolgur to delve the dungeon, or to trade with or support those who do. 

### The Church
- The government of Wolgur is a theocracy. All the normal government functions (guards, tax collectors, etc) have noticeable religious trappings. The church doesn't need to be described, and can simply be the Holy Church or the Church of God. Implying that there really isn't any other church or religions in the world (according to the humans.)
- The church is there to enforce the idea of human supremacy, and to suppress the rights of other species. 
- Officially the church is against exploring the dungeon, and the official church policy is that people are allowed to explore the dungeon, given that their purpose is to destroy it and cure the land of the unholy corruption it causes.
- They are of course completely corrupt and the church is the largest buyer of well trained sex slaves.
- When we start the game we'll probably have a scene where the player meets with a church official. He's given a small dilapidated home by the church, and told that his ultimate goal here is to destroy the evil heart of the dungeon. So we make it clear he's basically an employee of the church, who are in charge of all the dungeon exploration, and given a task by them. His first task should be something simple, but on brand, like gathering some healing herbs found on the first level.
- As the game progresses we'll reveal more of their true colors. 
- It will become clear early on that there's some kind of Slaver's faction. They'll appear to be a criminal, underground type faction, though once you're in deep with them, it will become clear that the slavers are really just part of the church. Trying to build rep with this faction progresses your game down the church path.

### The Mages
- Most magic is actually illegal in the setting. Magic is really only something that can be obtained by delving in the dungeon and receiving mana and spells in shrines and such. 
- The church of course sees actual magic as a threat to their power (which is entirely secular, there is no actual god associated with the church)
- The church will therefor need mage hunters to capture anyone that's known to have magic powers, the mage hunters themselves will need magic though, so once a mage has been taken by the church they're probably given the chance to work as a mage hunter, as long as they follow the strict rules of the church (which still allows for plenty of room for corruption)
- This should probably be an actual path a player can take in the game. The church faction is an obviously evil path, but they should be able to have a full experience as a church enforcer.
- The mages themselves though will be another faction. They're not necessarily a good faction either though. They're really only interested in acquiring power for themselves. An alliance with the mages are really only an alternative to becoming a mage hunter. The mages can help you keep your power hidden from the church, though you might have to hunt down a mage hunter or two. As a faction though they can't really offer much, but you would be free to pursue any of the other factions with help from the mages.
- The mages will need to almost be ninja themed. In addition to the normal mage stuff, they're mostly concerned with being hidden, and are very secretive. As mages all have to be delvers, they probably all have at least some martial skill. So the mages in the game are hardly typical wizards and such. 

### Dungeon Factions
- The dungeon itself provides at least one other character progression path. Though in practice this will probably end up being a lot of little factions who end up converging as you progress into one unified dungeon faction who's goal is to destroy the church. 
- I still feel like we might include some rogue lite elements. Perhaps if you try to destroy the church you'll fail miserably, but you'll unlock the ability to restart the game as a new species, and unlock new powers. It should take several rebirths before you unlock an actual pathway for the destroy the church route. If you're reborn as one of the dungeon species, you should get an entirely different starting scenario, a home in the dungeon, maybe another town in the dungeon to buy supplies and sell things. New characters. You can invade Wolgur to capture human slaves. 
- If you go the church route we need a different way of restarting progression. Perhaps if you grow too powerful the same thing that stopped you from destroying the church, eliminates you as a potential threat. In that case you start out as a human once again, knowing you need to handle things differently. 






