The first area of the dungeon focuses on the conflict between the Kobolds and the Vermen. They're very similar species, vicious little bastards who hate each other far more than the adventurers who have started to invade their dungeon. They see the adventurers as a way to upset the balance and get an advantage on their foes.

### Structure
I'm thinking this first area will include the first three floors of the dungeon. The loot on these levels will be mostly trash, and we won't find any of the real 'upgrade' shrines until we get past these floors. 
##### Level 1
A very standard kind of dungeon area. Stone walls, stone floor, hardly any useful loot. The monsters here are mostly giant rats, and slimes. They should be easy to handle solo. It's possible to encounter kobolds and vermen on this floor, but they're rare. Still it should be possible to capture one or the other in this area, though none of the other 'trainable' species can be found here.
##### Level 2
We start to see more variety in level theme, and more evidence of the raging conflict between the two species. More encounters and events with both species. Some floors are specifically themed for one or the other species, or are sometimes obvious conflict zones. 
##### Level 3
Level 3 is where the player first hits a bit of a wall. Both the vermen and the kobolds have large, tough forces guarding the way further down. You can fight your way though, but its a difficult fight, and fighting leaves you hated by both factions. Overall you'll see a much stronger presence of both species here, with larger groups and slightly tougher versions. Different floors might be obvious strongholds for either side. 

### Resolution
There are essentially four paths that the player can take to get through these floors. Both the Kobolds and the Vermen want you to capture someone from the other species, specifically an attractive female for them to rape and torture. You can just do that, give them one of the girls that you capture, but doing so will make the other side hate you. Still it would give you an alliance with one side and grant you their rewards. 

Alternatively you can refuse, but convince them that you've captured and trained one of their enemies for your own use. They'll make you prove it somehow, demonstrating how well trained your slave has become. If you let them use your slave as well, it makes this reputation building process go faster, but you don't have to. Alternatively you could put on a bit of a show for them, demonstrating your slave's love for pain and humiliation. This would require more training on your part, but avoids sharing, which some people are sensitive to. 

Demonstrating your slave's obedience to you doesn't cause your relationship with the other side to drop, and it's possible to align with both this way. (You'd need at least one very well trained slave of each species.) This would grant you the benefits of an alliance with both sides, and either side would let you past their guards on the third floor. You'll probably still be attacked by both species on occasion, but having some kind of alliance would help with some events or talking your way out of a fight.
##### Faction Rewards
Forming an alliance with either side will grant you some crafting recipes. This is only the first 'quest' so the rewards shouldn't be super great, but forming an alliance with both is the only way to get all the recipes. The kobolds should teach you how to make some interesting traps. Something that could be usable as a consumable in battle to cause status effects. Basically the same shit they've been doing to you the whole time. The vermen would teach you to make poisons and weapon coatings that do different status effects.
