We're definitely going to need a lot more monsters. There's a definite split between recruitable and non-recruitable monsters. Because this is primarily a text based game, recruitable monsters have an easy to identify archetype. Everyone knows what a kobold is without having to add exhaustive descriptions. Other species are easy enough to understand as either animal/human hybrids or "humans but...", like the elves and havlin. 

With the non-recruitable monsters though we should get weird. I want to avoid "dungeon animals", the standard rats and wolves and things. I especially want to lean more into the horror aspects here. This game is heavy metal, Mork Borg, old school. I also want to avoid undead as well though. Zombies and skeletons are overused, expected.

### Abominations
Abominations cover a wide range of creatures from the weak to the powerful. The abominations are meant to cover a gap left by the lack of the undead, mindless creatures with an insatiable hunger for killing, but also sex. Abominations are basically blobs of flesh that develop and grow into more distinct and dangerous forms, basically staring out as a slime, and turning into a big ball of dicks. There will be a wide range of forms and abilities that they can have and can range from level 1 all the way to the end game.

### Puppets
The puppets are another kind of near undead creature. They're former adventurers, now being 'pupped' by the cursed clothing they wear. They're braindead, so removing the clothing just kills them. Clothing is a bit of a stretch as well, as they mostly wear bondage gear. Cursed puppet clothing can also attach to your characters, slowly turning them into puppets unless the clothing is removed. You can do this on purpose if you just really don't like one of your captives, turning them into a brain dead sex doll.

### Gaunts
The Nightgaunts should be the most dangerous creatures in the dungeon. More than any other creature they represent the interests of the dungeon itself, as fitting for their mythology as servants of a forgotten god. As per the mythos, they have gaunt skeletal frames and featureless faces. From there we can add our own details to flesh them out a bit more. In addition to the Nightgaunts there should be other gaunt type creatures that share similar traits. (Because I'm far too fond of puns) the Knightgaunt can be an armored version, metal plates fastened to their bodies. Perhaps a Deathgaunt, or a Gaunt Thaumaturge.

Gaunts looks like they're dressed in robes or cloaks, with deep hoods to obscure their featureless faces. Their 'clothing' is part of their flesh though. Their black robes look greasy, and veins can be seen pulsating on the surface. They can furl their cloaks outward like bat wings, revealing their gaunt nude bodies underneath. They attack by enveloping their pray in their cloaks, desiccating a body in a few seconds. Though they're nude under their cloaks they have no discernable sex, which in this dungeon makes them even more unusual. The overall impression of a gaunt should be that it's something alien and unsettling. 
