### Angoria
The world will be called Angoria. I don't know too many details about the larger world outside of Wolgur where the entirety of the game takes place. Most of the world is wilderness, with powerful city states forming wherever the dungeons can be found. Civilization has completely stagnated. There hasn't been any real progress in tens of thousands of years, mostly due to the influence of the dungeons. There isn't really any fighting between the cities. Because almost all useful resources come from the dungeons there's no competition for resources between the cities. There isn't a lot of travel between the cities either. The wilderness is dangerous and uncivilized. There are farms and such outside of the cities. Growing food off the land is still the most effective way to get food. Outside of the farmlands that might surround a city you might find some barbarian type people who just want to live outside of civilization. There are no roaming gangs of bandits and such though. People who might want to live like that can do so in the dungeons. 

For a world with plentiful resources and plenty of space there are not a lot of people, entirely because of the dungeons. Dungeon delving will always eventually be fatal. Some people retire, though it's rare. The average age of the population is around twenty, and old age is something only seen in farmers and craftsmen. Old people are seen as ugly, weak, and useless as they are, for the most part, people who have never delved the dungeon. Most adventurers just keep pushing until eventually they bite off more than they can chew. This is mostly due to the changes that delving the dungeon makes in a delvers mind. The first rewards are easy. A few levels in the dungeon will leave you powerful, healthy, with magical abilities. This rush you get from leveling is addictive, and using these dungeon granted abilities slowly rewrite your brain. The eventual goal for the dungeon is to transform the humans that go into the dungeons into something close to the monsters that they hunt. At that point, it's time for them to be harvested by the dungeon.

### Currency
Wolgur's money system is properly insane. The dungeon monsters never drop the official currency, only valuables and resources that have to be sold in town for human money. The monetary system is purposefully confusing as it allows the people who understand how it works to fleece the people who don't. If you're selling goods to a merchant and the total value comes out to something like 1472 rupies, the merchant might offer you two stags and two thistles or something which has an actual total value of 1200 rupies. (With the option to haggle for three thistles to bring you up to 1300 rupies) Transactions are generally rounded to the nearest couple of denominations so that only a few coins are exchanged at once, with the rounding errors always in the merchant's favor. 

### The Angorian Calendar
The Calendar is also very difficult to understand. Days and years all have names rather than numbers, so it's basically impossible to figure out how many days are between each date, or how long ago any particular day might have been. The years are all 360 days long, divided into four seasons, each with 90 days. Each day in a season has a name which comes from a unique combination of one of the 9 lesser honorifics and one of 10 colors. The years cycle in a similar manner except that years are a combination of 191 low honorifics and 53 high honorifics. This cycle gives each year a unique name for 10,123 years. These approximately ten thousand year cycles form an age. The game will start on day 24 years into the 13th age. (Day 8888) or 131,623 years since the start of the calendar. People have tried to move to a more reasonable calendar. These people have all been mysteriously killed.