When we start a new game I'm going to include a list of origins you can pick from.  The origin won't actually have much of an effect on the plot, but my limiting the player to a human male at first I avoid having to write a ton of different branches for the companions that I have planned. Different origins might even have an entirely different cast of characters.

### The Lonely Shepard
You start the game as a human male, on the day of his age day. Your home was out in the farmlands surrounding Wolgur. Though most valuable resources come from the dungeon food, wool, wood, and such are still farmed. The farmlands are quite safe and idyllic. People who make farming a carreer are looked down on though, because they lack the strength that the dungeon gives people. 

Your father was an adventurer, who died when you were young. After his death your mother took what he had earned from delving and bought this farm, abandoning their house in the city. You have an older brother who is to inherit the farm, and another older brother who left for the city to become delvers, but hasn't been heard from again. You have a younger half-brother and two younger half-sisters as well. (People breed and die a lot in this setting. Your mother never got remarried, she just likes to fuck.) 

You've known for a while that it was your intent to become an adventurer. Your family gets some money selling wool and mutton, but could really use more money and your older brother didn't send anything home. So your mother charges you with seeing if you can find out what happened to him, and to send money back home. She tells you where your father's old house in the city is. They still own the house, so you're free to use it, though it's been abandoned for years. Probably make a few jokes about how the sheep are all dripping cum after you'd been watching them.

You character starts with high strength, high vitality, high beauty, medium dexterity, and low intelligence. You've also got a big dick and an 'Animal Attraction' perk that states that farm animals find you sexually attractive. Pretty sure that's going to be a joke perk though.

When you get to the house you find that it's in rough shape, from having been abandoned for years. There's signs that your brother had set up a camp in the living room, but hasn't been there for a long time. Thus we start the game in a camp that's been set up in the ruined living room.