### Player and Partner Stamina
The average player stamina is 6000 or so, and the max stamina (when vitality is 100) should be around 10,000. If a training session lasts around an hour the stamina that an 'average' sex action uses should be around 100. Fucking actions are more stamina intensive and should be around 200, while more foreplay actions will be around 50. Orgasms should each cost 500 or so, in addition to the action that triggered it. Different parts will require more stamina when used. Anal actions always require a little more, and some servicing actions cost quite a bit more. Something like deepthroat should cost at leasts 150 because if the breathing difficulty. Other actions, like the massage actions, may actually restore a small amount of stamina for the receiver. Actions that take a longer time should also take more stamina.
### TechniqueTarget
The average ability score (C level, 3d10) is 15, so the average, untrained skill roll is 1d12+3 for an average of 9.5. The skill required for a simple sex action should be about 10 then. We can go as low as 6 I think for things that take no skill at all, like fondling. A high dexterity score is (A level 5d10) or an average of 25 dex. A character with a decent amount of skill (around 50) should be getting rolls in the 30s or so, so moderately difficult actions (blowjobs, anal-sex) should have targets around 20, and actually difficult targets (deepthroat, anal-fisting) should be in the 30s. This leaves room for rolls in the 60s to produce excellent results. 
