Blackbird generates a lot of text. It could be said that generating text is what this program primarily does. As such, building and evaluating text templates is fairly central to this applications workings. Almost every action will build a template string that gets displayed when the action is complete. These template strings are written in an internal format. The Weaver takes these templates, sequentially replacing each token by passing the token to the matching looms. 

#### Weaver Context
A weaver is created with the context to use for token replacement. This is most often used to specify the actors within the context. The actor tokens use a letter prefix to indicate which actor is being referenced, and by convention the player character should be actor `P`. Likewise the training partner will be the `T` actor.

---
# Context Tokens

#### Actor Tokens
- `{A:he}`,`{A:him}`,`{A:his}`,`{A:hers}`, `{A:men}`, `{A:man}` Replaced with pronouns from the actor's gender.
- `{A:name}` The name from the ActorComponent
- `{A:name's}` The possessive version of the actor's name.
-  `{A:niceName}`,`{A:meanName}` A nice pet name or an insulting name. This function uses the actor that is saying the name, as the name used will depend on the personality archetype of the person using it.
- `{A:species.elf}`, `{A:species.elven}`, `{A:species.elves}`, `{A:anElf}` The name or plural name of the actor's species. The species name is usually capitalized (because we use it in the ui fairly often) but in the text blocks the species should be lower case.

#### Body Tokens
- `{T:body.hairColor}` Hair Color

#### Cock Tokens
- `{A:cock.thickSixInchLongCock}` A long phrase that explicitly includes the length.
- `{A:cock.sixInch}` A short phrase with just the length.
- `{A:cock.bigCock}` A phrase like "huge cock" or "big dick"
- `{A:cock.big}` Just an adjective that can be used to describe the cock.
- `{A:cock.thickCock}` A phrase that doesn't rely on size.
- `{A:cock.thick}` An adjective that doesn't rely on size.

#### Breast Tokens
- `{A:breasts.bigSoftBreasts}`A phrase like "big firm tits" or "large soft breasts"
- `{A:breasts.bigBreasts}`A phrase like "big tits" or "large breasts"
- `{A:breasts.softBreasts}`A phrase like "soft tits" or "firm breasts"
- `{A:breasts.bigRoundBreasts}`A phrase describing breast size and shape.
- `{A:breasts.big}` An adjective that can be used to describe the breast size.
- `{A:breasts.soft}`An adjective that can be used to describe the breast firmness
-  `{A:breasts.round}` An adjective that can be used to describe the breast shape
-  `{A:breasts.breast}` A single word for "breast" (note singular) that takes size and shape into consideration.  
-  `{A:breasts.breasts}` A single word for "breasts" (note plural) that takes size and shape into consideration.
- `{A:breasts.bigSoft}`A longer adjective phrase without a word for breasts.
- `{A:breasts.bigRound}`A longer adjective phrase describing the shape without a word for breasts.
- `{A:breasts:thickNipples}` A phrase like 'long nipples' or 'dark teats'
- `{A:breasts:thickInchLongNipples}`
- `{A:breasts:inchLongNipples}`

#### Equipment Tokens
- `{A:equipped.<slot>}` short name of the item in the equipped \<slot>

## Function Tokens
Function tokens are used to perform some kind of action on the context, changing the state in a minor way. This could be used to change positions or equipment or other simple things without too large of an effect.

- `unequip(A,<slot>)` Unequip the item in the equipped \<slot>
- `setPosition(<position>)`

## Utility Tokens
None yet, but these will be used for general things like the time of day, or the location name. 

## Simple Tokens
- `{cock}`, `{pussy}`, `{breasts}`, `{breast}`
- `{Cock}`, `{Pussy}`, `{Breasts}`, `{Breast}`
