One of the main systems in the game is the control system. The captured monster girl characters are essentially wild animals. By training them you increase the amount of control you have over them. Unlike affection, fear, and respect, control can change rapidly depending on what factors are effecting it. Part of the gameplay will be to find ways to keep control high and stable as it normally decays every day. The primary purpose of this system is to limit the number of characters under your control at a time. You can only train (and increase your control over) so many characters in a day. When control reaches 0 they won't follow orders. At lower negatives the characters will start causing problems. Depending on their personality they might get violent, do crimes, rape other characters, or trash your home. 

### Control Range
Like Affection / Fear / Respect, control is measured in a range from -1000 to 1000, where the higher a value is the more difficult it is to increase. The meaning behind the ranges are similar as well so -200 would be mildly out of control, -800 would be wildly out of control, 0-200 would be barely controlled and 800-1000 would be obsessively dedicated. 

### Control and Training
Training is the primary way of increasing control. Sex actions can raise or lower it, but the amount that an action effects control is determined by the interplay between all the other game systems, just like arousal and pleasure. 

### Control and Consent
If the training actions are used to increase control, than control should not be used in the consent calculations. I think this makes sense thematically. A high control / low consent scenario would be something like a boss ordering sexual favors from a subordinate who can't refuse. A low control / high consent scenario would be a character just doing whatever they want to with the player.

### Managing Control
A character's affection, fear, and respect slow the rate of control decay. If these values are high enough control might not decay at all, unless you do something to lower those attributes. When characters are captured (put under control) I think they'll start at somewhere around -200 control, though that could be influenced by how they were captured. 

A character's environment also affects their control. If they're well fed, taken care of, kept happy, control will decay less rapidly than if they are miserable. Determining id character's needs are met are a whole other thing, but keeping them happy by having a nice house is more efficient than keeping them satisfied through training. Even if control doesn't decay at high levels of affection and such, affection decays when character's aren't being paid attention to, or have an unhappy home environment.

