Though arousal and pleasure are primarily used during training, it's also be possible to have them modified outside of the training mode. For one, the character's environment will effect their arousal. If they see sex acts happening around them it should make them horny. (Or disgusted if the sex acts go against their sexual preferences.) A character's clothing can effect their arousal, especially if they're being make to wear bondage gear, or they need to keep sex toys inserted. The character's food (and drugs they may be forced to take) will also effect their arousal. If a character has a high desire anima they gain arousal over time and will need to find release. If arousal isn't maintained by something though it's lost over time.

### Arousal
Arousal is kind of a precursor attribute to pleasure, in that it effects how pleasure is received. A person who is aroused will feel more pleasure from an action, but if they're not aroused some actions will cause more pain or discomfort than pleasure. Arousal also effects all of the consent decisions and such.

The Arousal value is kept separate from the Desire Anima and from the Sensitivity Animuses. Desire is really more of a personality trait rather than something that changes rapidly like arousal. And the Sensitivity Animuses represent the physical sensitivity and are only modified during training. These three values, arousal, desire, and sensitivity all multiply together to determine how much Pleasure is accumulated.

The range for arousal is fairly standard, 0 - 100 with the possibility of going higher under unusual circumstances. (drugs mostly)

### Pleasure
Pleasure is primarily used to trigger orgasms. Pleasure builds towards the orgasm threshold, which will probably be a calculated value. Once that threshold is reached there is a chance that the character will orgasm. Characters can try to not cum, and the more turns spend not cumming while past the threshold will increase the orgasm strength, for an edging mechanic. 

Characters should also enter a refectory period after cumming, which will be set and count down after an orgasm. An orgasm should also dramatically reduce the arousal value, but increase the sensitivity scales while the refectory is in effect. This should make actions so pleasurable that they become painful for a short time. Of course the length and the effect of the refectory period should be effected by other aspects to make some characters multi orgasmic, while others want to stop after an orgasm.

Unlike the Era games, where it was possible to orgasm from each body part separately, these characters will only have a single pleasure gauge. Raising the sensitivity animuses don't trigger orgasms directly.
