# Personality Archetypes
I've moved to a system where each character has a single personality defining character archetype.

- `bastard` - Cruel, mocking, entitled males. Loves putting others down. Essentially bitches, but the male version.
- `bimbo` - Loves sex and is kind of stupid. Airheaded, cock-obsessed, giggles at everything lewd.
- `bitch` - Sharp-tongued, mean-spirited women. Cutting insults are default.
- `brat` - Playful, disobedient, and insulting. The teasing is meant to provoke punishment, so they are almost always humiliation sluts or masochists. 
- `flowerChild` - Peaceful, nature loving, free love enjoying, stoners and hippies. Very open sexually.
- `innocent` - timid and inexperienced, with no strong sexual preferences. Blushes easily.
- `nice` - Gentle, considerate, and kind men.
- `pervert` - Up for anything, lewd, sometimes gross.  Will ask for more unusual acts.
- `playful` - Playful, fun loving. Bouncy, giggly, treats sex like a fun game.
- `prude` - Uninterested in sex, cold, unfeeling, frigid, angry.
- `maniac` - Powerful (usually magical) prideful, haughty, slightly unhinged. Dangerous magic user who believes in their own superiority.
- `reserved` - No strong personality in any direction, they are unemotional and stoic. Naturally submissive due to not having a strong ego.
- `savage` - Wild, natural, feral, and animalistic. A violent version of the flower child.
- `serious` - Disciplined, no-nonsense, violent when they need to be, takes situations seriously.
- `slut` - Insatiable, indiscriminate, always horny and available for anything with anyone.
- `sweet` - Soft, affectionate, kind women. Loves being cherished. Will often be affection-sluts.
- `timid` - Nervous, jumpy, easily scared but can get excitable.

### Personality Flavors
The archetypes are primarily used to choose a dialog tree for the events and training text. The archetypes can be adjusted by adding "flavors" as a way to mix in additional personality details. The tormented flavor for instance can be added to any archetype to create a masochist version of this character.
- `submissive` - Views the player as their master.
- `tormented` - Submissive, and also craves pain, humiliation, and abuse.

### Species Specific Dialog
The vermen and kobolds are a unique enough that they should have their own dialog trees, though we should find a way to combine them so that we avoid having four different archetypes.
- `demiDom` - Dominant kobolds and vermen.
- `demiSub` - Submissive kobolds and vermen.
