A character will have a large variety of sexual preferences, which are represented with values from -100 to 100. The sexual preferences are really oppositional pairs, but there's no need to keep track of something like a 'pain averse' preference when that's just negative masochism. There is overlap between a lot of these values. An androphilic, oral slut, cock lover, will look at all three preferences for a blowjob action for instance. Some preferences might look contradictory, but could still work. A character with a negative androphilic value, but a positive cock lover value will still like futanari or femboy characters. A single character won't have all of these preferences. They can all have default values if they aren't specified. Training a character could be considered the process of slowly changing these preferences over time. 
#### Gender
- **Gynophilic**
- **Androphilic**
#### Character's own body parts
- **Anal Slut**
- **Breast Slut**
- **Cervix Slut**
- **Cock Slut**
- **Oral Slut**
- **Pussy Slut**
- **Urethra Slut**
#### Partner's body parts
- **Ass Lover**
- **Breast Lover**
- **Cock Lover**
- **Pussy Lover**
- **Beast Lover**   Preference for beast shaped body parts, horse cocks etc.
#### BDSM
- **Dominant**   Wants to control others
- **Submissive**   Desires being controlled
- **Sadistic**   Wants to hurt others
- **Masochistic**   Desires physical pain
- **Debaser**   Like degradation
- **Affection Slut**   Desires emotional comfort, praise
- **Humiliation Slut**   Desires emotional abuse, humiliation, degradation. 
#### Fetishes (done to self)
- **Breath Player**
- **Breeder**   Pregnancy and birthing
- **Cum Dump**
- **Enemas**
- **Exhibitionist**   Likes it when others watch.
- **Gape Queen**
- **Incest Lover**
- **Masterbator**   Enjoys self pleasure.
- **Orgy Lover**   Enjoys group sex, threesomes.
- **Perverted**   General increase or decrease to all non vanilla sex. 
- **Piss Slut**   Preference for drinking piss or getting pissed on.
- **Prolapse Queen**
- **Punching Bag**
- **Rope Bunny**   Preference for bondage related activities
- **Sex Toy Lover**   Enjoys use of equipment like dildos, anal plugs, etc.
- **Size Queen**   Preference for stretching.
#### Fetishes (done to other characters)
- **Rigger**   Preference for tying others up.
- **Stud**   Getting others pregnant
- **Pisser**   Preference for urinating on or in others
- **Stretcher**   Preference for stretching others
- **Voyeur**   Like to watch others 
- **Pugilist**
- **Choker**

### Quirks
Reaching 100 in a sexual preference (or -100 in some cases) might unlock a special quirk for that preference. A quirk could be a behavioral habit, something that they'll d on their own to themselves. Someone with `Masterbator[100]` will just compulsively masterbate all the time. A `SizeQueen[100]` will want to wear massive anal plugs and dildos at all times. These quirks should come up in events and such.

Some quirks could also grant special powers. A person with `PissSlut[100]` might regenerate stamina from drinking piss. Or `BreathPlayer[100]` might unlock the ability to hold their breath for several minutes. If the player has `stretcher[100]` they unlock the ability to do stretching actions on nipples and such.

### Master Classes
When the player maxes the sexual preferences for `Dominant`, `Sadist`, `Debaser`, and also maxes their related skill, they could unlock a special "Master" skill tree for that BDSM type. These trees would provide several powerful, related abilities. Things like mind control, or pain conversion. They'd start weak at first, though grow in power as the preference advances. I think these trees would be mutually exclusive. They would have to choose one path over the others, though really they'd probably unlock whichever is first available. Unlocking the path might involve a quest even. You'd receive the quest when you reach the 100/100 requirement. A demon appears and asks for a sacrifice. You would then need to train a maximized pain slut, or submissive, or humiliation slut. Then sacrifice them in another event to unlock the master class for the demon you did the quest for. Even though these powers should be 'magic' they wouldn't cost mana. They would have cooldowns however. This is to keep them distinct from spells that might have similar effects. They would be flavored as demonic abilities and not spells, or some such.




