I'm going to base a character's personality on the big five (OCEAN) model for personality, with each property on a scale of 0 to 100. Personality effects a character's decision making process and how they react to situations. Personalities can change slowly over time, though they're much more difficult to change than most other attributes.

The personality component will also track a character's sanity. Training a character too quickly and forcefully will reduce their sanity. Both pushing too much abuse and forcing too much pleasure on a character will make this happen. Once sanity is low enough there is a chance of them breaking. This breaking should change their personality in a way that reflects how they've been treated. They might become mind broken, become a complete slut, turn psychotic, suicidal, or whatever else I can think of. This is really kind of a failure state for training, though it might be a player's goal if they just want mindless fuck toys. It should be possible to pull a character out of a broken state, though it will still leave trauma. Hollow is a mental state below mindbroken that represents a complete loss of ego. Characters can go hollow if even when mindbroken, they're continuously tortured. I'm going to include personality excretion to make this happen as well, just to allow ways to seriously fuck characters up.

### Personality Model
We use the big 5 (OCEAN) model to determine character personality. Each variable is on a 1-100 scale.

- **Openness (O)** Measures creativity, curiosity, and willingness to entertain new ideas.
- **Conscientiousness (C)** Measures self-control, diligence, and attention to detail.
- **Extraversion (E)** Measures boldness, energy, and social interactivity.
- **Agreeableness (A)** Measures kindness, helpfulness, and willingness to cooperate.
- **Neuroticism (N)** Measures depression, irritability, and proneness to anxiety.

The character species determines the range of values. Humans are 1-100 in each. Other species might have different ranges. Fae will always have very high openness and very low conscientiousness for instance.

