Like any role playing game characters also have a set of general attributes. Some will come up during training. Most sex actions will use some of a character's stamina for instance, and stamina is governed by vitality.

- Strength
- Dexterity
- Vitality
- Intelligence - Could some up during training as the difference between a courtesan and a bimbo. 
- Beauty

Attributes are rolled when a character is created, and are initially based on the character's species. We roll 1d10 for each attribute, per rank for that species. Equans have a 'A' rank for strength, so they roll 5d10, whereas the Sylphs have an 'F' rank and only roll a single d10. 15 in any attribute should be considered average. (Average of 3d10, which is C rank) Attributes have no upper bound though so it's possible to keep raising them through special events or rituals and such.

### Skills
Characters have skills, measured from 0-100. Each skill has a list of attributes that the skill uses. When we roll a skill check that uses multiple attributes we use the average of the attributes as the value of the attribute for the roll. 

### Attribute and Skill Checks
Different events and such might roll against one of a character's attributes. I think I'll do something simple, but interesting where half the attribute is a permanent bonus, and the other half is completely random. For instance, a character with a 50 in an attribute would roll `1d25+25`. A character with 13 would roll `1d7+6` 

If this is a skill check we could use the skill as a percentage, that increases the rolled amount like so: 
	`(1 + skill/100)*(factor)*(check) + check` 

The factor would be a float (0-3) that represents how important that skill is to the overall roll. Skills that rely more on the attribute (athletics, perception) would have a low factor, but skills where training matters more (magic, engineering) would have a higher factor. If they have no points in a skill they'd get no bonus at all, and are left with the straight attribute roll. 

This could lead to interesting mechanics where some skills that have a higher skill factor are better when they're at a high level, but worse when they're at a low level. Axes for instance might do more raw damage than a sword, but if we include the bonus damage from the skill, the swords would end up doing higher damage overall.
