The Anima and Animus are 'gems' or 'experience points' awarded during a training session. They both have transient 'scales' that only exist within a training session. These scales receive the sensation values. When the scales overflow the overflow is converted into the associated Anima or Animus. 

The Animus represent the accumulated physical sensations. They have a one to one mapping with the character's sensitivity scales, and can be spent to raise the sensitivities, though they are also used when upgrading other associated sexual preferences as well.

The Anima represent the accumulated emotional responses to the actions performed. They are used to upgrade sexual preferences, feelings, and could be used to unlock certain aspects.

### Sensitivity Scales (animus)
- Anus Sensitivity
- Cervix Sensitivity
- Cock Sensitivity
- Clit Sensitivity
- Nipple Sensitivity
- Oral (throat) Sensitivity
- Pussy Sensitivity
- Urethra Sensitivity
- Prostate Sensitivity

### Emotional Scales (anima)

- Comfort (favor/obedience/loyalty)
    - Increased by actions that the character finds enjoyable. 
    - Makes actions in the session easier/cheaper (lower stamina cost, higher success chance, more pleasure gain)
    - Reduces buildup of Anger and Suffering
    - Can be spent to increase affection or respect
- Desire (lust)
    - Increased by actions that the character finds pleasurable (orgasms, edging, zone stimulation)
	- Represents in session horniness/sexual need.
	- High values yield faster arousal buildup, easier climaxes, higher pleasure multipliers
	- Spend to increase affection
- Submission
	- Increased by domination (commands, restraints, forced positions), especially when paired with high Comfort or Desire.
	- Increase acceptance of domination/degradation/pain (lower Anger gain from them)
	- Unlocks more extreme actions when submission high enough
	- Spend to increase respect or fear, or increase various related fetishes and sexual preferences.
- Shame (exposure)
	- Increased by Degradation (spitting, slapping, name-calling, forced display/public) actions
	- Increase acceptance of domination/degradation/pain
	- Spend to increase respect or fear, or increase various related fetishes and sexual preferences.
- Suffering (depression / trauma / pain)
	- Increased by sadistic actions.
	- Increase acceptance of domination/degradation/pain
	- Spend to increase respect or fear, or increase various related fetishes and sexual preferences.
- Anger (hostile)
	- Increased by actions that the character doesn't find enjoyable or doesn't consent to.
	- Makes all actions more difficult.
	- Reduces the amount of experience gained.
	- Can create hate marks

Sex actions themselves have an map of emotion vectors
```
analStretching: {
  dificulty: 100,
  usesPartner: 'anus'    // Here, we know to use the analSensitivity scale
  sensations: {
    loving: 0.0,
    lustful: 0.3,
    dominating: 0.7,
    degrading: 0.6,
    painful: 0.8 }
},
```

We use these values calculate the action sensation values from a combination of:
- The character's feelings towards the player (affection/respect/fear), 
- The consent value for the action (eager/accepting/reluctant/rape),
- The pleasure stimulus from the body parts involved (Clitoral Sensitivity etc)
- The related sexual preferences of the character (Cum Dump, Rope Bunny, etc.)

This calculation will tell us how well that action was received. If the partner enjoyed it, it yields positive values (Comfort/Desire) and/or (Submission/Shame/Suffering) if applicable. If the partner didn't enjoy it than anger is increased. Enjoyment needs to be on a 0-1 scale so that actions will cause a mix of positive and negative emotions if they weren't 100% enjoyed.

If an action targets a body part with a high sensitivity then pleasure is increased when the action is enjoyable, or pain/anger is increased when it is not. Scale values are also increased by factors such as action difficulty and player skill at performing these actions. 

The resulting values are then added to the existing values, we check the scales for overflows and adjust the levels. When scales overflow, the emotional anima and physical animus is generated which can be used after training to purchase different upgrades. 

### Scale Levels
The anima and animus harvested during training don't actually do anything until it's used to upgrade the related scales. The scales levels are an integer between 0 and 8. Realistically though characters cap at 5. The 6-8 levels could be reached with magic, curses, drugs, etc. At level 6 characters can make themselves cum by walking. At 8 they're probably stuck in an unending orgasm as breathing would make them orgasm. In the UI they're formatted in a letter scale like the Era games.

```
value      0   1     2     3     4     5     6     7     8  
letter         F     D     C     B     A     S     SS    SSS
factor     0   0.25  0.5   1     1.5   2     4     8     16
```

The scales are used as multipliers, so when the level is 0, no pleasure can be felt from that body part. Parts like urethra (or navel, or ears potentially) should have a starting value of 0. Slightly erogenous areas like nipples usually start at F. Hard to make someone cum with the nipples alone. Anus will probably be more variable, random between 0 and C with C being more rare. Cock, and clit will default to C, but can randomly be a B or D too. 
