In addition to the training partner you can also bring in multiple assistants into the scene as well. The assistants will act automatically when they can to enhance the training efforts. This way I don't need to worry about multi-person sex positions or giving assistants direct orders. Each assistant can be given a role, telling them basically what they should try to do if they can.
##### Assistant Roles
- Binder - Will hold the partner in various ways, keeping their arms behind their back or legs spread.
- Fluffer - Will caress and fondle the partner, attempting to increase their lust and pleasure levels.
- Observer - Do nothing, just watch. Can still enhance shame of actions.
- Penetrator - Will penetrate the partner's free holes with their cock or sex toys.
- Tormenter - Will do various painful things to free body parts. Pinching, slapping, using toys.

We could also allow for more fine grained control over the use of sex toys and items like drugs and such by assigning the assistant's equipment. They might not use a whip or riding crop or some such unless they have been given one. They'll use just the equipment appropriate for their role. Something like a dildo could be used by both the penetrator or the tormenter if the dildo is large enough to cause pain.

A character can only be assigned to an assistant role if they're willing though. You might be able to force it if your control value is high enough. Putting characters into jobs they don't want to do or are bad at will train them into that role, but they might hinder more than help at first.
