The first step needed for the sex actions is calculating all of the consent values for all of the available commands. We need to do this for all the available commands because we color the command text according to the consent level. That way the player will have an idea of how an action will be received before they choose it. (That's all the detail they'll get though as actions are performed when the action button is clicked.)

### Consent Result Model
As we calculate the consent values we put together a result model. The model has the result, the result level, and a summary of the calculations that were made to get to that result. We style the sex actions to reflect the consent result, but we should also display the summary as a tool tip for the sex action (along with an action description, just to make it clear that "get blowjob" means that the player character is the one getting a blowjob, or in case someone needs docking explained to them.)

### Levels
Consent has four levels. These levels greatly effect how the action is received by the partner.
- **Eager** `(> 100)` All of the positive sensation from this action get a bonus.
- **Willing** `(25 - 100)` Default value, sensation calculations are normal.
- **Reluctant** `(0 - 25)` When consent is reluctant the positive sensation values are all penalized
- **Unwilling** `(< 0)` Increased negative sensations, anger, fear, etc. And very penalized positive values.

### Calculating Consent
Each action needs to have an array of consent factors. This should be an array because the order the calculations are performed in is important. Consent factors will need to come in a few different styles. We'll need additive factors to set the initial values. These should come from arousal and feelings like affection. We'll then multiply this initial value by the other factors like their gender preferences and their overall sexual preferences for that type of action. 